Consider this contrasting case: Strategy A: An AppsFlyer seller pitches
the technical superiority of our attribution models to an AWS
Account Manager. Strategy B: An AppsFlyer seller demonstrates how our
platform scales the customer's marketing operations, thereby increasing the volume
of data generated and scaling the customer's overall AWS compute
utilization. Which strategy succeeds? Pause here and privately write down
your justification for which approach will secure the Account Manager's
support before continuing. Strategy B succeeds because it aligns directly
with the governing incentive structure. To secure this critical internal
advocacy, you must highlight that our marketplace revenue is skyrocketing
at four times year-over-year growth, with average won opportunities frequently
exceeding four hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Most crucially, emphasize
that we provide Amazon an invaluable, highly coveted entry point
into enterprise marketing departments. As AppsFlyer successfully scales a customer's
marketing operations, the massive volume of data generated will inevitably
scale the customer's overall infrastructure account as a highly profitable,
undeniable result.